A look at Vietnam and Mexico exposes the myth of market liberalisation.
The site states "What can I use it for? Meeting notes, Reports, technical specs Sign-up sheets, proposals and much more...", just like any other new breeed of sites that want us to store everything we have on the web. And they even guarantee multiple levels of security and encryption etc. But what prevents these web site operators fom accessing and/or stealing Meeting notes, Reports, technical specs Sign-up sheets, proposals and much more, for competitive or personal gains...? I am pretty sure that most of them are honest, but what's there to prevent me from setting up a good useful site and stealing all your data? Call me paranoid - I am.
Saft is by far the best extension you could tak onto your Safari
How to take panoramic shots simply
I don’t know where they came up with this stuff, but Qube Web Search Client has taken the market by surprise. This is a cool concept that’s just beginning to blossom. You can save time by copying and pasting words and phrases.
LinkIt by Marc, alternative to reddit wrtten in CL.
Making websites relevant and usable to potential users across the world.
On the bright side, despite kidnapping and cruelly abandoning him, it doesn't sound like he was tortured...
Like a lot of people I can't claim to know first-hand about the harsh realities of war.  That's why it matters a lot to me that McCain is the one leading the fight against torture in Washington.  He has a military background; he would not advocate something that would prevent us from defending ourselves.  And unfortunately for him he knows a lot about torture specifically.  

Even the White House could not avoid noticing how bad it was for PR to have Cheney, who avoided service in Vietnam, advocating torture, and McCain, a war hero, speaking out against it.  So they've switched to lying.  "We do not torture" is now the official line.  For some definition of "torture" that they know the hearer doesn't share.  Where have I heard this before?  "I did not have sexual relations with that woman."
It's a New York Times editorial that was also published in the _IHT_.
[Here's the copy published in the _NYT_](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/10/opinion/10sat1.html?ex=1291870800&en=d3e174110265b5be&ei=5090&partner=rssuserland&emc=rss).
The best thing about reddit, imo was the lack of comments. This way, it avoided a lot of the moronicism of slashdot.

:(
You can rank the comments and demote the moronicism.
just testing this feature
ye ye
_We didn't torture somebody! USA #1!_
Interesting article on the use of open space in design.
reddit got a "runner up" citation in the "Peer Production News" category.  Not bad for a site that's only been around for a few months.  ;)
this is wonderful.  just what i needed.


cool.  i love a good font.
